This is an end to end Data Science project made by me. In my spare time I work as a German counsellor helping students to pursue their dream of higher education in Germany. But with increasing number of students I had a tough time managing it with my studies. So as to make life easy I decided to create a website where students can find all necessary information for higher education in Germany but the best part of this project is that the website created is been deployed with machinel earning models running in the backend. 
Each course that a student wants to pursue has its own Machine learning model and a web interface the link of which is been attached with the main website. On the link related to that particular subject the student can find a profile evaluation form, all the student has to do is fill in his/her details and click submit. Once the request has been submitted the Machine Learning model running in the backend with evaluate the profile and give the probability of the student getting an admission in German university. The probability can be between 0-100%. After evaluation the student can click on get university list tab and get the university list.
The best part about this project is the prediction of models. The models for each subject are trained on ten thousand datasets. This data has been collected from various websites like facebook, DAAD and the website of my own company of which I am a part. After all web scraping and manually looking for data the data still was not enough for the model to train on. Then I created my own dataset, I used by expertise to build a strategically strong data which would resemble the real world data. I built such dataset for each subject field. The data building and cleaning part took almost 70% of this project's time. 
After having strategically perfect datasets I used machine learning to build predictors for each subject field. After trying with different models, I found the accuracy of Logistic Regression the best which gave 90% accuracy atleast for each dataset. I then build a 2 layer Deep neural network for more accurate predictions and after some hyper parameter tuning I was able to reach maximum accuracy of 91%. But then I used RandomizedSearchCV to find the best parameters of Logistic Regression for each dataset and after training on each dataset the average accuracy was 96% which was more then my Deep neural network. Hence I have build my machine learning models on Logistic Regression. 
Each model has been seperately deployed on the cloud and the link of each model is attached to the User Interface of this project. 
I used Flask framework to deploy the models to production as I find it simple and effective to use. The cloud platform I used is Heroku as I find it simple to use. 
I created this project to make my life simple as the students can directly go to my website find accurate information on German education, get their profile evaluated and fnally get a university list based on the prediction. This end-to-end project not only makes my life simple but also helps students to get an accurate information and prediction. 
Use this link to see my project's final output : https://german-education-end2end-vikas.herokuapp.com/
